---
id: 1141
title: Journal
date: 2013-10-30T16:40:41+00:00
author: admin
layout: page
guid: http://www.grubdaily.com/?page_id=1141
et_ptemplate_settings:
  - 'a:4:{s:16:"et_fullwidthpage";i:0;s:22:"et_ptemplate_blogstyle";i:0;s:22:"et_ptemplate_showthumb";i:0;s:25:"et_ptemplate_blog_perpage";s:2:"10";}'
---
Monday 4th November 2013

It&#8217;s been a while since I wrote about work on this website, so I thought I would update you on my situation&#8230; at the staff Christmas party last December, where all the staff from Castle Terrace and the Kitchin restaurants get together for a slap up meal and a drink or two, Tom Kitchin made an announcement that they were opening a pub next year, serving simple, delicous properly made food . It would be open 7 days a week; since both of his Michelin star restaurants are closed on a Sunday and Monday he joked that there would now be somewhere decent to eat on his days off! Quite exciting news, and also great to be involved in this company that&#8217;s growing so rapidly. So after almost a year working as a commis at Castle Terrace, Dominic Jack told me he wanted to send one of his chefs to work at the pub, named &#8220;The Scran & Scallie&#8221;, someone to take some Castle Terrace ethos and expertise to the new venture. I was up for it: a rare opportunity to be involved with the start of a new restaurant, and also a chance to play a more senior role in the kitchen.
     
The first week was crazy, we&#8217;d underestimated the number of chefs we needed and also the amount of equipment. We were endlessly fighting over gastro trays, tubs and containers. It was 8 days before anyone had any time off, and we could only afford to lose one person per day, so it was over two weeks before my time came! I was utterly exhausted, but it was exhilarating and I was proud to be involved. After two weeks things had settled down, we had more chefs and days off were a regular occurrence. That was 7 months ago and we are now running a smooth operation, it seems crazy to think that the 40 covers we did before the opening night were such a struggle, and now we are doing 160 on a busy Saturday night and its no problem.

Wednesday 30th October 2013

Two days back after a week off work, and I am surprisingly worn out! I had forgotten how tiring this job is. My week&#8217;s holiday in London disappeared far too quickly; probably due to all the fun that was had! It was Rob&#8217;s birthday, and my sister Claire and I treated our little brother to a night out. We started at Social Eating House, Jason Atherton&#8217;s new restaurant on Poland Street which was awarded a Michelin star earlier this month. There is a stylish and comfortable bar upstairs above the main restaurant that serves excellent cocktails and bar snacks; we indulged in several delicious beverages, the favourite was &#8220;Dill or no Dill&#8221;, a refreshing number with gin, lemon and cucumber. A sprig of dill is placed on the rim of the glass as an optional garnish. Afterwards we jumped in a taxi and went across town to Tom Aikens Restaurant in Chelsea. It&#8217;s a beautiful restaurant, the interior is all natural wood and glass and has a really comforting natural feel to it.Probably the nicest interior design of a restaurant that I&#8217;ve seen. We had the 7 course tasting menu; the highlight was a home-made ricotta with pine nuts, pine nut ice cream and green olive juice. Interspersed through the layers were little cubes of honey jelly. I&#8217;d never tasted anything quite like it before. Other highlights were crab with horseradish snow and coriander, and a really light rabbit dish with sorrel and nasturtium. All of it was brilliant.